#translated by : NK /     n.k@cityofangelz.com

Script Requirements
PHP4+ 
MySQL4+
GD2+ library (optional)

Script features:
1- Multilingual:
The script allows you to change the language from Admin Panel easily...

2- MultiStyles:
The script's easy-to-use template system allows newbies and pros to manage templates easily

3- User-friendly interface with multiple file fields:
The admin can choose the number of file fields which will appear to the user in a very elegant way ... the script interface is also very user-friendly.

4- Security:
The script has a user sessions system and the Admin user can also sign out from the Admin Panel and act as a normal user...

5- Extensions:
The script has an advanced extensions management system, The Admin can also control the file size for every single extension for users and guests...

6- User system:
The script has a user and a guest system, and the Admin can disable the user system from the Admin Panel

7- Limited upload space:
You can limit your upload space and the upload center will close automatically with a simple message when it reachs the limit

8- Automatic file deletion:
You can set the script to automatically delete the files which are inactive for a specific period you choose...

9- Want to use google statistics?
You can simply add the "Google Statistics" code in the script settings without having to edit the script files..

10- Forums user integration:
You can integrate your current (phpbb, mysmartbb,vbulltin) forum users with your upload center easily...

11- Watermark:
The Admin can enable the Watermark option, so that the site logo will appear on the uploaded images...

12- Image Thumbnails:
The Admin can also enable this option from the Admin Panel so that the users will be given thumbnail links for the uploaded images...

13- Report abuse system:
The user can report abusing files from a simple page without even having to enter the abusing file URL... All the reports will be sent to the Admin Panel with a simple report management system and the Admin can also reply to it ...

14- Advanced contact system:
The users can contact the Admin and the messages will be sent to the Admin Panel , with the Admin reply ability...

15- Cache system:
This script uses cache so that the pages would load faster...

16- Registration control:
The Admin can choose to open or close new user registration at any time with ease...

17- Closing the upload center:
The Admin can choose to open or close the upload center with a custom message.

18- UTF8:
The script uses UTF8 encoding

19- Who's online:
The Admin can enable the 'Who's online' option in a elegant way with separation between users and guests...

20- Wait x second:
For controling the waiting period for users to be able to download...

21- Single or Mass banning system:
The Admin can ban users using a simplified banning system...

22- Multiple admins:
Yes, you can add more than one Admin user from the Admin Panel ...

23- Backup system:
With a button click you can select the table you want to backup and download...

24- Total repair system:
Deletes cache, Re-checks counters and repairs tables...

25- Changing file name in two methods:
You can automatically change the uploaded file's name by the "time" function, the "MD5 encryption" function or you can choose not to use any...

26- Uploading from URLs:
Yes, the Admin can enable it from the Admin Panel, although this option is in development...

27- Admin home page:
The Admin home page is the starter page for the Admin where statistics and usage details are listed...

28- Terms of service:
The user can't upload before agreeing to the terms, which you can easily edit...

29- File deletion URL:
because we care about the privacy of our users, a URL will be given to users after a successful uploading process which the users can use for deleting the uploaded files...

30- Spam protection:
spam protection is available on "report abuse" and "contact" templates...

31- Download page:
... includes the details about the uploaded file, like "number of downloads", "upload date", "file type", "file name"..etc